How is Qian Yao?
Why don't you and Ye Feifan have sex?
Mom
How can you push your daughter into someone else's bed like this?
Oh, do I mind?
If you become Ye Feifan's woman
This 500 billion is ours
Mom, you got me close to heaven
Just for his 500 billion
That's 500 billion.
If it weren't for your dad, he would have died long ago
I asked him what was wrong with asking for a mere 500 billion
I didn't expect you to be such a person
It seems that I was right to catch you
Qinglong, what are you doing?
If you dare to arrest us
Ye Feifan won't let you go
This is the red line.
The strength is so great
Okay, the beast breath in your body
I have cleaned it up.
Beast breath
Why is there a beast breath in my body?
Butler Ye's palm contains the breath of a beast
Are you saying that the Ye family has something to do with the beasts?
I'll take someone to destroy the Ye family